Move phone, email, software OATH authentication methods from beta to v1.0 (#16840)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/api/softwareoathauthenticationmethod-get.md

---
title: "Get softwareOathAuthenticationMethod"

> description: "Read the properties and relationships of a softwareOathAuthenticationMethod object."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Retrieve a user's softwareOathAuthenticationMethod object and is properties."
```

| Delegated (work or school account)     | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read.All, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read.All, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |

For delegated scenarios where an admin is acting on another user, the admin needs [one of the following directory roles](/azure/active-directory/users-groups-roles/directory-assign-admin-roles#available-roles):
* Global Reader
* Authentication administrator
* Privileged authentication administrator
* Global administrator

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /me/authentication/softwareOathMethods/{id}
GET /users/{id | userPrincipalName}/authentication/softwareOathMethods/{id}
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [softwareOathAuthenticationMethod](../resources/softwareoathauthenticationmethod.md) object in the response body.

## Examples

### Request

> # [HTTP](#tab/http)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_softwareoathauthenticationmethod"
}
-->
``` http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/authentication/softwareOathMethods/b172893e-893e-b172-3e89-72b13e8972b1
```

---

### Response
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.softwareOathAuthenticationMethod"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "value": {
    "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.softwareOathAuthenticationMethod",
    "id": "b172893e-893e-b172-3e89-72b13e8972b1",

>     "secretKey": "String"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "secretKey": null
```
